chore(README): add none start event requirements (#96)
camunda/c7-data-migrator: README.md

    - **Temporarily adjust timer start events** in event subprocesses to ensure they do not trigger during migration:
      - See the section on timer events for more details
    - If above suggestions are not feasible in your use case **make sure service tasks are idempotent** — so repeating them does not cause issues.
- Start events
  - It is required that a process instance contains a single process level None Start Event to run the data migrator. 

>   - If a process definition only has event based start event (eg. Message, Timer) it is recommended to add a new None Start Event temporary, this change needs to be reverted after the data migration is completed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If a process definition only has event-based start events (eg. Message, Timer), it is required to add a temporary None Start Event. This change needs to be reverted after the data migration is completed. 
```
